[cxx-interop] Add documentation about inferring SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE in c++ inheritance (#1078)
swiftlang/swift-org-website: documentation/cxx-interop/index.md

// `object` will be released here.
```

> ### Inference for Derived Types

Reviewer: Does this even need a new heading? I don't think "Inference for Derived Types" is very clear or precise, but I'm not sure how much it actually adds to the single paragraph it summarizes. I think the couple of sentences you added are fine as a closing remark for the "Shared Reference Types" section.

> Swift compiler automatically infers the ```SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE``` annotation for C++ types that inherit from a base type annotated with ```SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE```. These derived types are also imported as a reference type in Swift that use the same ```retain``` and ```release``` functions as the base type. No additional annotation is required on the derived types.

Reviewer: A couple of things:
- Use single backticks instead of triple backticks for inline code markup
- This doesn't say anything about multiple inheritance, which inference does not handle

I rephrased things a little to encompass those changes:

```suggestion
When a C++ class inherits from exactly one `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` base class, the Swift compiler automatically infers the derived class to be a `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` as well.
The derived type also gets imported as a reference type, and uses the same `retain` and `release` functions as its base class.
C++ classes that inherit from multiple `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` base classes must still be explicitly annotated with `retain` and `release` operations that manage the reference counts of all base classes.
```

Author: > This doesn't say anything about multiple inheritance, which inference does not handle

> When a C++ class inherits from **exactly one** `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` base class, the Swift compiler automatically infers the derived class to be a `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` as well.

This is not entirely correct. It is fine to have multiple base `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` types. The only restriction is that all of them must have the same `retain`/`release` functions.

### Inheritance and Virtual Member Functions

> Similar to value types, casting an instance of a derived reference type to a

Author: @egorzhdan, In these lines, are we referring to casting on the C++ side or the Swift side?

Reviewer: I think Swift, i.e.,

> ... is not yet supported by Swift.

// `object` will be released here.
```

### Inference of Shared Reference behaviour in Derived Types

When a C++ type inherits from a `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` base type, the Swift compiler automatically infers `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` annotation for the derived type.
The derived type also gets imported as a reference type, and uses the same `retain` and `release` functions as its base class.

> 

Author: @j-hui I changed some text based on your suggestions but added my flavor as well. How does it look now?

// `object` will be released here.
```

> ### Inference for Derived Types

Reviewer 2: Minor: missing newline after a heading

> Swift compiler automatically infers the ```SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE``` annotation for C++ types that inherit from a base type annotated with ```SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE```. These derived types are imported as Swift reference types or Swift class types that use the same ```retain``` and ```release``` functions as the base type. No additional annotation is required on the derived types.

Reviewer 3: What do you mean by Swift reference types or Swift class types? I think we should just pick one terminology here. 

Maybe we want to mention that this inference only happens if exactly one base type is annotated as a shared reference?

Author: CC: @j-hui
